Your score has been blocked
It will be announced in 10 minutes
How did that happen?
I heard
This does not show
It's because he's going to be recommended to the Olympics directly
That's why it was temporarily blocked and protected.
Wenwen, you are really nice.
You didn't let dad down
Dad is proud of you
Now you can prove that your father was lying
Wenwen, you are amazing
You are the pride of our neighboring village
Impossible you ask that bitch
How could my son Yaozu be so powerful?
The facts are right in front of you.
It's not something you can change without accepting it
Oops, hurry up, hurry up
Smell it haha
Oh, I didn't expect you to be a tutor for a girl.
So awesome
It was weird just now
Uncle is not good
Uncle blamed you
Don't be stronger than your lord
Don't get acquainted with uncle
Aunt
Lin Yaozu
Is it time for you to keep your promise now?